Clarify behavior for empty blobs sidecar (#3174)
ethereum/consensus-specs: specs/eip4844/p2p-interface.md

The response MUST consist of zero or more `response_chunk`.
Each _successful_ `response_chunk` MUST contain a single `BlobsSidecar` payload.

> In cases where a slot contains a `BlobSidecar` that does not contain any blobs, but contain non-zero `beacon_block_root` and `beacon_block_slot`,  no `blobs_sidecar` is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In cases where a slot contains a `BlobSidecar` that does not contain any blobs, but contain non-zero `beacon_block_root` and `beacon_block_slot`,  no `blobs_sidecar` **may be** returned.
```
I mean it wont really break things if a peer returns "empty blobs" blobs_sidecar

> In cases where a slot contains a `BlobSidecar` that does not contain any blobs, but contain non-zero `beacon_block_root` and `beacon_block_slot`,  `blobs_sidecar` **may be** skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In cases where a slot contains a `BlobSidecar` that does not contain any blobs, but contain non-zero `beacon_block_root`, `beacon_block_slot` and a valid `kzg_aggregated_proof` ,  `blobs_sidecar` **may be** skipped.
```

Clients MUST respond with at least the first blobs sidecar that exists in the range, if they have it,
and no more than `MAX_REQUEST_BLOBS_SIDECARS` sidecars.

> Clients MUST not respond with empty blobs sidecars.

Reviewer 2: To clarify what an "empty" blob sidecar is. It's a `BlobSidecar` that does not contain any blobs, but it may contain a non-zero `beacon_block_root` and `beacon_block_slot` per [get_blobs_sidecar](https://github.com/ethereum/consensus-specs/blob/dev/specs/eip4844/validator.md#sidecar).

> Clients MUST not respond with empty blobs sidecars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clients MAY not respond with empty blobs sidecars.
```

Clients MAY limit the number of blobs sidecars in the response.

> Clients MAY not want to rate limit `BlobSidecar` that does not contain any blobs, but contain non-zero `beacon_block_root`, `beacon_block_slot` and a valid `kzg_aggregated_proof`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
An empty `BlobSidecar` is one that does not contain any blobs, but contains non-zero `beacon_block_root`, `beacon_block_slot` and a valid `kzg_aggregated_proof`.
Clients MAY NOT want to consider empty `BlobSidecar`s in rate limiting logic.
```
